Reviews core terms (#1794)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/retries.md

}
```

> To enable retries for a Workflow, you need to provide a retry policy via `ChildWorkflowOptions` for Child Workflows or
> via `WorkflowOptions` for top-level Workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable retries for a Workflow, you need to provide a Retry Policy via `ChildWorkflowOptions` for Child Workflows or via `WorkflowOptions` for top-level Workflows.
```

- If a Workflow fails and a retry policy is configured for it, the Workflow Execution will be closed with a `ContinueAsNew` event.
  This event will have the `ContinueAsNewInitiator` field set to `RetryOptions` and the new `RunId` for the next retry attempt.

> - The new attempt will be created immediately. But the first Workflow task won't be scheduled until the backoff duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The new attempt is created immediately.
  But the first Workflow Task won't be scheduled until the end of the backoff duration.
```
